Anyway, I finally got the number together
Brother Xiaoning
You really don't need me to study with you to escort the car
You can check it at home.
I have agreed with each household
The price can be increased a little appropriately.
But you must not take a vacation, and the craftsmanship cannot be lazy.
Quality is our foundation, don't worry.
That's what happened last time.
After we remove the tree and drive into the city
This tea has become a rotten leaf
Do it again this time
You are the owner
What do you say?
You go back first
Since you are here
Why haven't you shown up yet?
Sure enough
You really have the smell of Qingquan World on you
Hand it over and you won't die
Didn't Wang Defa hire you to come here?
The Wang can also make me laugh
Then get out of my way
I don't have what you want in me
Sorry.
You don't have to pretend
In search of Qingyuanjie
I've been all over the country
Now I finally found my purpose
I am in a thriving home
Just to hide
Just to confirm the existence of the Qingyuan Realm
I'm just a country boy
You don't have what you want
Maybe at home
But the so-called leisure world in your mouth
I really don't know what it is.